ei-flames/README.md, before:

# Edge Impulse Example: Flames
This runs a trained model of the flames sample and performs verifications.

## The story
I want to get my hands on machine learning at the edge. 
This is the sixth example of edge impulse to get in touch with their data forwarder interfacing an ESP8266 running MicroPhyton.

The ESP8266 sends data collected from a flame sensor, a temperature sensor and a humidity (air) sensor.

Data is sampled at a rate of 6 Hz. 
Sometimes the data forwarder reports 4 Hz.
In this case I overwrite the frequency using the '--frequency 6' parameter.

```
edge-impulse-data-forwarder --frequency 6
```

Data is collected 80 cm in front of the oven at a height of 60 cm.

## Labels
The dataset labels defines the state of the oven.

### loading
Wood was put in the oven.

### burning
Wood catches fires. Some flames are visible in the oven.

### full burning
Wood is burning. A lot of flames are visible in the oven.

### glowing
Wood is glowing. No more flames in the oven.

### cooling
If the glowing decreases, I have to load the oven.

### idle
This is the reference state if the oven is not burning.

## Platform
Data collection in MicroPython and Arduino. Arduino libray used to run model with same hardware.

## Folders

### Data Collector
Source of the data collectors used.

#### Arduino
The Arduino source code of the data collector.

#### MicroPython
The MicroPhyton source code of the data collector.

Commit message:

Updated flames data collector and ML model
Fixed issue with DHT11 sensor in C.
Using an improved ML model.

ei-flames/README.md, after:

# Edge Impulse Example: Flames
This runs a trained model of the flames sample and performs verifications.

## The story
I want to get my hands on machine learning at the edge. 
This is the sixth example of edge impulse to get in touch with their data forwarder interfacing an ESP8266 running MicroPhyton.

The ESP8266 sends data collected from a flame sensor, a temperature sensor and a humidity (air) sensor.

Data is sampled at a rate of 6 Hz. 
Sometimes the data forwarder reports 4 Hz.
In this case I overwrite the frequency using the '--frequency 6' parameter.

```
edge-impulse-data-forwarder --frequency 6
```
	

Data is collected 80 cm in front of the oven at a height of 60 cm.

## Labels
The dataset labels defines the state of the oven.

### loading
Wood was put in the oven.

### burning
Wood catches fires. Some flames are visible in the oven.

### full burning
Wood is burning. A lot of flames are visible in the oven.

### glowing
Wood is glowing. No more flames in the oven.

### loading
If the glowing decreases, I have to load the oven.

## Platform
Data collection in MicroPython and Arduino. Arduino libray used to run model with same hardware.

## Folders

### Data Collector
Source of the data collectors used.

#### Arduino
The Arduino source code of the data collector.

#### MicroPython
The MicroPhyton source code of the data collector.


### ei-flames-arduino
Arduino code to run the data collector and data analyzer implementing the ML inferencing.
